---
title: Import Qualtrics Survey Data
descripton: Use the Qualtrics event ingestion integration to send survey data to Amplitude when a response is received, and enable data-driven charts and cohorts in Amplitude.
---

With the Qualtrics event ingestion integration, you can send survey data to Amplitude when a response is received, to enable data-driven charts and cohorts in Amplitude.

After you connect the integration you can:

- Send an event to Amplitude when someone completes a survey.
- Send any event or user properties collected as question responses or embedded data.
- Send survey response data to build charts and cohorts in Amplitude.

!!!note "Other Amplitude + Qualtrics integrations"

    This integration imports Qualtrics survey data into Amplitude. Amplitude offers other integrations with Qualtrics: 

    - [Send Cohorts to Qualtrics](/data/destinations/qualtrics-cohort)

## Considerations

- This integration imports the email address as the `User_ID`. There is no option to define the mapping and select another `User_ID`.

## Setup

### Prerequisites

You need your Qualtrics Survey ID and API key. 

### Amplitude setup

1. In Amplitude, navigate to **Data Sources**, then find **Qualtrics** in the **I want to import data into Amplitude** tab.
2. Paste your Survey ID and Qualtrics API Key, then click **Request Survey Info**.
3. Copy the autogenerated JSON payload on the right-hand side of the page.

### Qualtrics setup

!!!tip

    See the [Qualtrics documentation](https://www.qualtrics.com/support/survey-platform/actions-page/actions-in-global-navigation/) for more details on setting up workflows. 

1. In Qualtrics, click on the hamburger menu, select **Workflows**, and  select **Create a workflow**.
2. In the search bar on the top left corner, search for *Amplitude* and select **Send data to Amplitude when a survey response is received**.
3. Click **Get Started**.
4. Enter a name for your workflow, select the survey you want to track, and click **create workflow**.
5. Click the Non-authenticated tile and replace the JSON payload in the Body with the Amplitude-generated payload that you copied earlier.
6. Save your work.
