---
title: Movable Ink Event Streaming
description: Stream Amplitude events to Movable Ink.
status: new
---

!!!beta "This feature is in open beta"

    This feature is in open beta and is in active development. Contact the [Movable Ink Client Experience team](https://movableink.com/contact-us) for support with this integration.

[Movable Ink](https:///movableink.com) activates any data into personalized content in any customer engagement and is a powerful extension to the technologies that marketers use today. The platform easily connects to all relevant data—no matter where it lives—updates based upon a recipient's most recent interactions, and is auto-generated by the platform.

## Considerations

- You must enable this integration in each Amplitude project you want to use it in.
- You need to be an admin of a paid Planhat plan to enable this integration.
- Relevant limits for Movable Ink events are:
    - Movable Ink does not impose any hard limits on quantity or velocity. If you send requests  too quickly, Movable Ink returns 429 responses. Amplitude will handle these automatically. 
    - Requests must be smaller than 2MB.
- Amplitude sends select event and user properties along with the event.

## Setup

### Prerequisites

To configure an Event Streaming integration from Amplitude to Movable Ink, you must fulfill the following prerequisites from Movable Ink:

- **Tenant Token**
- **Basic Authorization Header**

### Movable Ink setup

1. Log in to your Movable Ink account.
2. Click on the drop-down nav bar on the top-left-hand side of the screen and navigate to **Customer Data Endpoints**.
3. Click **New Endpoint**.
4. Fill in your endpoint name, vendor, and description and click **Create Endpoint**.
5. You should now see an Endpoint URL. This is the endpoint URL that you will paste into Amplitude. You should also see an Access Key ID and an Access Secret. You will need to convert these to Basic Authorization format before pasting these into Amplitude. 

### Amplitude setup

1. In Amplitude, navigate to **Data Destinations**, then find **Movable Ink - Event Stream**.
2. Enter a sync name, then click **Create Sync**.
3. Toggle Status from **Disabled** to **Enabled**.
4. Paste your **Endpoint URL (taken from the Movable Ink platform)**.
5. Paste in your **Basic Authorization Header Value**.
6. Toggle the **Send events**.
7. In **Select and filter events** choose which events you want to send. Choose only the events you need in Movable Ink. Transformed events aren't supported.
8. (optional) In **Select additional properties**, select any more event and user properties you want to send to Movable Ink. If you don't select any properties here, Amplitude doesn't send any. Transformed event properties and transformed user properties aren't supported.
9. Under **Send Users**, make sure the toggle is enabled ("Users are sent to MovableInk") if you want to stream users and their properties to MovableInk. When enabled, users are automatically created or updated in MovableInk when an event is sent to Amplitude. [Amplitude Identify API](https://www.docs.developers.amplitude.com/analytics/apis/identify-api/) calls are also forwarded to MovableInk. Users aren't sent on a schedule or on-demand using this integration.
10. (optional) In **Select additional properties**, select any more user properties you want to send to MovableInk. If you don't select any properties here, Amplitude doesn't send any. _Transformed user properties aren't supported._
11. When finished, enable the destination and **Save**.

!!!note "Additional configuration required"
 
    Movable Ink requires additional data mapping in their application. Contact your Movable Ink CXM for next steps.

### Use Cases

- **Generate personalized content:** Generate personalized content relevant to each user using event data from Amplitude.
- **Analyze and Segment Users:** With Amplitude's analytics capabilities, you can analyze user behavior, identify patterns, and create segments based on specific actions or attributes. For example, you may identify a segment of users who have recently made a purchase or visited a specific page.
- **Send Event Data to Movable Ink:** After you define your segments, you can configure an integration or data pipeline to send the relevant event data from Amplitude to Movable Ink. You can do this with APIs, web hook integrations, or other methods supported by both platforms.
- **Personalized Content Generation:** Movable Ink's platform receives the event data from Amplitude and uses it to dynamically generate personalized content for each individual recipient. The content can be tailored based on the user's recent interactions, such as showcasing related products, displaying personalized recommendations, or referencing specific actions they have taken.
