---
title: Ampli
description: The Ampli CLI, Ampli Wrapper, and Amplitude SDK work together to generate a tracking library based on your Tracking Plan.
template: guide-first.html
---

The Ampli CLI, Ampli Wrapper, and Amplitude SDK work together to generate a tracking library based on your Tracking Plan. 

The autogenerated library, the Ampli Wrapper, is a lightweight wrapper over the Amplitude SDK that provides type-safety, supports linting, and enables features like input validation. The code replicates the spec in the Tracking Plan and enforces rules and requirements.

!!! example "Example Apps"

    Visit the [ampli-examples GitHub repo](https://github.com/amplitude/ampli-examples) for example applications
    that use the Ampli Wrapper.

## Ampli CLI

The Ampli CLI connects your codebase to your tracking plan. Each Source in your tracking plan represents a runtime
in which you wish to generate a strongly typed Wrapper.

`ampli pull` logs in and downloads the Ampli Wrapper for your current tracking plan.

`ampli status` verifies implementation status of event tracking in your project.

## Ampli Wrapper

The Ampli Wrapper is a dynamic, code-generated SDK. It has strong types for the events in your tracking plan, and
provides autocomplete and static type checking.

 ```js
 ampli.songPlayed({ title: ‘Song #1’ })
 ```

 The Ampli Wrapper is a light wrapper for untyped Amplitude SDKs.

## Amplitude SDK

The Amplitude SDK is a static, open source SDK with untyped events.

 ```js
 amplitude.logEvent({ event_type: ‘Song Played’, event_properties: { title: ‘Song #1’ }})
 ```

The Ampli Wrapper runs on top of the Amplitude SDK.
 The `client.instance` is the Amplitude SDK client that makes the underlying calls to Amplitude. If you don't specify a `client.instance`, Ampli uses a default instance.

```js
class Ampli {
  var client: AmplitudeClient;

  load(options) {
    // use provided AmplitudeCLient if available, default otherwise
    this.client = options.client.instance || Amplitude.getInstance().init(...);
  }

  // track method wraps Amplitude SDK's logEvent()
  track(event: Event) {
    // use the Amplitude client to logEvents to the server
    this.client.logEvent(event.eventType, event.eventProperties);
  }

  // strongly typed event method wraps "generic" track
  myEvent(properties: MyEventProperties) {
    this.track(new MyEvent(properties));
  }
}
```

You can override the default client configuration with `client.options`.
